add a note to indicate that the PAT owner must be a member of org (#150)
RoadieHQ/marketing-site: content/docs/getting-started/getting-started-for-admins/index.md

### Step 1. Create a Personal Access Token (PAT)

Visit the [developer settings of your GitHub account](https://github.com/settings/tokens) and create a PAT which has the scopes `repo`, `user`, `read:org` and `read:discussion`.

The official GitHub docs for creating a Personal Access Token are [here](https://docs.github.com/en/github/authenticating-to-github/creating-a-personal-access-token).

> ---

Reviewer: I find that the extra heading and dividers breaks the flow a little when reading.

What about [this pattern](https://deploy-preview-150--roadie.netlify.app/docs/getting-started/technical-documentation/#step-1-add-the-mkdocs-configuration-file) for highlighting a paragraph?

![Screenshot 2021-03-23 at 08 08 25](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/562403/112113632-f8393080-8bae-11eb-83b8-50b193ded950.png)

**NOTE**

> If you will be using this PAT to collect organization teams and memebers, then the token's owner must be a member of the organization.

Reviewer: I would explain what the owner cannot be, since some people won't know what outside collaborators are or that they exist in the first place. I would also make the assumption that they will use the PAT to collect org teams and members so we can simplify the logic.

```suggestion
⚠️ The token's owner must be a member of the organization, rather than an outside collaborator or other relation.
```
